1. manager class must inherit from CoreObject class.

2. component class must inherit from Component class and also it's respective manager class.

3. every access to a package functionality must be done through package's services module,
   not the manager, even if the caller module is resided inside the same package of that manager,
   the only exception is when the caller in the manager itself.

4. in each package, the business must be implemented inside the manager, not anywhere else, so
   modules like decorators, error_handlers, services, api should not have any business
   implementation but some light weight code that uses the package functionality through
   services module.

5. every package must subclass Package in it's __init__ module, except application and packaging.

6. each package should subclass it's own custom exceptions from core exceptions and put them
   inside exceptions.py module. the only type of exception that must be used directly and
   without subclassing is CoreNotImplementedError.

7. pyrin.utils packages must use core exceptions and not implement their own custom exceptions.

8. signature of sibling methods in different layers (manager, services, api, ...) must be the
   same (in 99% of occasions).

9. in each package, only the implementation (manager) module should call other packages services,
    so every other module, should only call it's own package services module.

10. except some base packages, the rest of them should subclass from Package in
    their `__init__` module and set the required attributes and methods.

11. those type of classes that has a very simple functionality (2 or less methods) should
    be put inside context module of each package.

12. in handlers packages the base handlers should be put inside base module of each package.

13. those classes that has lots of functionality (3 or more methods) should be put inside
    a module with the same name as the class itself.

14. in each package, all dependencies (from root package itself and from all sub packages)
    must be set in root package's `DEPENDS` attribute.

15. in each package, all config stores (from root package itself and from all sub packages)
    must be set in root package's `CONFIG_STORE_NAMES` attribute.
